add a README contents to manager-builder package (#19012)
storybookjs/storybook: code/lib/builder-manager/README.md

# Manager-Builder

> Do not use this package unless you know what you are doing.
> Storybook uses this package internally to create the manager side of storybook.
> 
> This package uses `esbuild` to bundle the manager-side of addons, and prepare it for modern ESM supporting browsers.
> 
> Each addon is bundled into a separate file, and the manager is responsible for loading them.
> In addition, if `manager.*` exists, it's also bundled, and loaded.
> 
> Additionally this package also will add the manager ui via the `@storybook/ui` package, which is already build by `esbuild` in our build process before publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Do not use this package unless you know what you are doing.

This package is used internally by Storybook to create the manager side (UI) of Storybook.

This package uses `esbuild` to bundle the manager-side of addons, and prepare it for modern, ESM supporting browsers.

Each addon is bundled into a separate file, and the manager is responsible for loading them.
If a `manager.*` file exists as part of the addon package, it's also bundled, and loaded in the browser.

Additionally, this package also will add the manager ui via the `@storybook/ui` package, which is already built by `esbuild` in our build process before publishing.
```
